Item Recs GA tweaks (#7080)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/sage_ai/recommendations.md

### Step 2: Define your recommendation {#recommendation-type}

Next, select the recommendation type. All recommendation types use the last 6 months of item interaction (purchase or custom event) data. The interaction mentioned below refers to either a purchase event or custom event chosen in Step 3.

- **Most popular:** Calculates up to 30 items from the catalog that all users in the workspace interact with most often, e.g. Most Purchased Products. 
- **Most recent:** Creates a list of up to 30 products a user has interacted with most recently. 
- **AI Personalized:** Uses transformers, a new kind of deep learning, to predict each user's next most likely set of items to interact with.  We calculate up to 30 of the next most likely items ranked from most to least likely. This type of recommendation does not use Large Language Models (LLMs) to combine your data with that of any other Braze customer.

{% alert tip %}

> When using **Most recent** or **AI Personalized**, users with insufficient data to create individualized recommendations will receive **Most popular** items as a fallback. The proportion of users receiving the **Most popular** fallback is displayed on the **Analytics** page.

Reviewer: imo this makes it sound like it's one or the other, based on some cutoff.  i feel like having languages that conveys "we'll fill in most popular until it fills up the maximum expected products" would remove the problem

Author: the users who have most popular backfilled into an incomplete list of ai personalized is probably an edge case? sometimes it's easier to leave out a minor detail if it helps clarity for the larger point. i think this might be one of those instances?

Reviewer 2: > imo this makes it sound like it's one or the other, based on some cutoff.

What part of the sentence reads as such to you @BrandonBrowning? I can always rephrase the sentence to be a little clearer in that regard. I do agree that we shouldn't be describing edge cases in the course of main documentation steps, though. Edge cases are better to include in asides like FAQs, help articles, or troubleshooting sections.

Reviewer 2: Resolved via DMs

{% endalert %}

> #### Exclude prior purchases or interactions

Author: screenshot still needs updating. olaf currently not working / can't retrieve

Reviewer 2: @borisrev added the image and tweaked the language in this section a bit. Let me know if I introduced any issues.

> If you'd like to exclude items a user may have purchased or interacted with prior, check the box that says "Do not recommend items users have previously interacted with." This allows you to make sure items a user has already purchased don't get surfaced again in a message. However, please note that items purchased or interacted with between Recommendation updates may not be excluded successfully. For the free version of Item Recommendations, this means within a week. For AI Item Recommendations Pro, this means the last 24 hours. For example, when using AI Item Recommendations Pro, if a user purchases an Item and gets an e-mail 30 minutes later, the item they just purchased will likely not be excluded from that e-mail. However, messages sent more than 24 hours later will not contain that last purchase.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you'd like to exclude items a user may have purchased or interacted with prior, check the box that says "Do not recommend items users have previously interacted with." This allows you to make sure items a user has already purchased or interacted with don't get surfaced again in a message. However, please note that items purchased or interacted with since the last Recommendation update may not be excluded successfully. For the free version of Item Recommendations, this means within a week. For AI Item Recommendations Pro, this means the last 24 hours. For example, when using AI Item Recommendations Pro, if a user purchases an Item and gets an e-mail 30 minutes later, the item they just purchased will likely not be excluded from that e-mail. However, messages sent more than 24 hours later will not contain that last purchase.
```
